♪
It's time for Gong's two sword
swingin', Superheavy Samurais
to say buh‐bye
and hit the road!
Now Gong can bring out the
biggest, baddest Samurai
of 'em all:
Superheavy Samurai BIG Benkei!
Alright Yuya, enough
ridin' around,
it's time to take
center stage and show Gong
what you're made of!
(Yuya)
It's show time!
Ladies, Gentlemen and Gong,
how 'bout I kick off
this round's entertainment with
some carnival craving hippos!
Get hopping hippos!
Hey!
What's with
all that shaking?
We're not dancing,
we're dueling!
Quit goofing around, Yuya!
(crackling, shrieking)
(booming)
What's going
on, Zuzu?
Oh, I just had
a wee mishap...
I told you to treat this
equipment with TLC!
Our duel school
depends on this ARC system!
(Yuya)
You hippos sure know how
to have a good time!
(thudding)
Ouch.
(Zuzu)
Yuya... What do you
have to say for yourself?
Figures...
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
The Sledgehammer will
fall on all who oppose me!
(woman)
I can't believe you
actually dated her.
(woman)
And then I told my boss
I'm not his personal barista‐‐
(man)
Our duel school
is going down the tubes!
We can't teach Action Dueling
without our ARC system!
Soon all our You Show students
will turn into no‐shows!
At times like this,
I wish I were principal
of a cooking school.
I was just getting to
my most duel‐taining moves
when the system
went down.
Your duel‐taining
distracted me.
You should take
life more seriously!
Is that you, Gong?
Or did somebody just put
a boulder in here?
Why do you have to turn
everything into a joke, Yuya?
Well, there's nothing wrong with
giving the fans a good laugh.
When fans watch your duels,
they're not laughing with you,
they're all laughing
at you!
When your daddy was on the field
he had all the fans smiling.
He made duel‐taining
entertaining.
Your duels are
usually just embarrassing!
Well, if you ask me,
my dad's last duel
was pretty
embarrassing, too!
Yuya!
Relax!
Afternoon, all!
I do hope I'm
not intruding!
Who are you?
I'm Nico Smiley, dueling
manager and promoter.
Currently I represent the
reigning Action Duel Champion,
The Sledgehammer!
Not the Sledgehammer!
Don't be a wimpy loser,
be a winner!
Come to the Leo Institute of
Dueling and we will teach you
how to crush any opponents
and fill them with fear!
Duel to win!
The Sledgehammer is hosting
a fan appreciation day
at the Leo Institute and
as part of the festivities
he's issuing a one‐on‐one
dueling challenge to Yuya.
You're inviting me
to duel The Sledgehammer?
I'm not inviting you to
duel his grandma!
Seriously, though,
it's your chance to make up
for your father's
disappearing act.
You remember what
happened don't you?
(announcer)
This crowd's boiling over
and I don't blame them!
Our Action Duel Championship
was supposed to get underway
an hour ago, but Yusho Sakaki
still hasn't shown up
to defend his title!
Sakaki has
chickened out!
(booing)
(man)
What a loser!
He's scared of
The Sledgehammer!
My dad's no chicken!
Let me duel the Sledgehammer
'til my dad shows up!
Yuya, calm down, son!
I'm not scared,
duel me instead!
You're finally old enough
to get your wish!
We'll publicize it as
the duel of the decade!
"""The son of Yusyo Sakaki tries
to clear up his father's name!"
(Skip)
Forget it!
I will never let Yuya
take part in this match.
Why not?
It's what all
the fans want to see,
plus it'll mean tons
of free publicity
for your dueling school!
I won't let
Yuya be humiliated!
The boy's suffered enough since
his father disappeared.
Get out
of here, Nico!
Oh hey,
I understand, Boyle!
It's a real shame though,
'cause if you had agreed,
the Leo Corp
would've donated
the newest Augmented Reality
Combat system
to your dueling
school for no charge.
As in free.
You've got
a deal!
You just said you'd never
let Yuya duel the Sledgehammer!
But for the good
of the school...
What about for
the good of Yuya?
(Skip)
Um, well...
Yeah, we gotta
have Yuya's back!
(Zuzu)
Uh, we can't...
'Cause... he ran off.
(Nico)
Just like
his old man!
♪
(sniffling)
(crying)
Take your dad's
advice, Yuya.
Try to laugh when
you feel like crying.
And when things get tough,
respond with a smile.
It will give you the strength
to keep moving forward!
It's kinda
like a pendulum.
If the pendulum
swings one way,
you know it will swing the other
way, too, like in a duel!
A duel?
The key to dueling is to believe
in your deck and yourself.
When you're
falling behind,
you can always make things
swing your way again,
so don't worry
about anything.
Just try to enjoy
the ride.
Try to remember what
I've told you, Yuya.
It may help you someday...
(Yuya)
You were right, Dad.
I can win if I just have fun
and believe in myself!
♪
(cheering)
(cheerleaders)
Go, Leo, go!
You fans have been
clamoring for this duel
and now it's finally
happening!
Three years ago, the famous
Duel‐tainer, Yusho Sakaki
failed to defend his title
against The Sledgehammer!
Now Sakaki's own son will try
to erase that disgrace!
Do you think
Yuya will show up?
Who knows?
But Gong's gut
says he will.
All right!
Then we'll
get our ARC‐‐
Never mind!
Now, let's get this
grudge match underway!
Here goes!
Time to activate
the field...
Castle of Chaos!
(computer)
Augmented Reality
Combat system energized.
Generating
Action Field...
(Nico)
I tell you, people, this
ARC technology blows my mind!
The field it's
generating is so real
you can actually climb
the castle walls
or toss your mother‐in‐law
in the dungeon!
It's him!
Guys and girls, presenting Leo
Institute's top Action Duelist
and reigning
world champion.
He's the biggest,
baddest bruiser
to ever pick up a deck...
The Sledgehammer!
His challenger is
a kid with a mission!
Everybody give it up
for Yuya Sakaki!
Yay, Yuya!
Kid,
that's your cue!
The little guy ain't
even gonna show up.
Yeah, he must be a scaredy
cat just like his old man.
Guess the apple don't
fall far from the bush.
Say what?
Not now, Zuzu.
But, Gong!
I was hoping if
I challenge the kid,
his father would show up
for sure.
I must defeat Yusho Sakaki
in a one‐on‐one duel
to prove I am deserving
to be the true champion!
Who is that?
Beats me!
Oh!
Please tell me that
isn't who I think it is.
(man)
Sledgehammer,
behind you!
What's wrong?
(woman)
Turn around!
Wait...
When did the circus
come to town?
It didn't.
I'm your opponent!
Do not tell me you
are the son of Yusho...
Yep, the one and only!
Well?
Are you ready to get
this show on the road?
Or, should I say,
on the castle!
♪
Let's see if you're
as nasty as you smell!
For such a little clown,
you have a big mouth!
You won't be so insolent once
The Sledgehammer squashes you!
It looks like sparks
are flying
and they haven't
even started dueling yet!
Okay, duelists, get your
five cards in hand
and get set to battle!
Our duelists and their decks are
primed for an epic showdown
like nothing
you've seen before!
As we kick off this contest,
the whirlwind action will
leave you breathless!
It'll be
the duel to end all duels!
Only the toughest duelist will
survive this face‐off!
Are you ready?
Let's duel!
♪
(computer)
Action Cards dispersed.
Listen carefully,
clown boy.
I cannot wait to pummel
you out of those pantaloons.
Let's get this
battle started!
All right,
show time!
Welcome to
the Yuya Spectacular!
For my first move, I'm going to
make a spectacular getaway!
What!?
And to help me
make my escape...
I'll summon Performapal
Hip Hippo!
Yo, Sledgehammer, why
don't you try and catch me!
They just started and he's
already taking off?
The kid should
grow some wings,
then he could fly away
like a real chicken.
I knew letting
Yuya duel was a mistake.
Yeah, but he's not dueling,
he's running away!
So you want me
to catch you, kid?
No problem!
I activate the spell Feast
lf the Wild Level 5!
This will get
the crowd crazy for more
because it lets me summon
two battling behemoths!
I summon Swamp Battleguard
and Lava Battleguard!
I tribute you both right
away so I can summon your ruler!
No forest can hide you or
castle can protect you
from the chief of
all wild savages!
All hail,
Battleguard King!
(announcer)
The Sledgehammer
summoned a monster
that's as mean
as he is!
I wouldn't wanna be
in Yuya's clown shoes!
Your father got away from me,
but you won't be so lucky!
We will battle!
Battleguard King,
bash that Hippo!
Sorry, but we
have to get hopping!
I activate my Action
spell Evasion!
Roll with it, Hippo!
Why doesn't Yuya
stand and fight?
He can't
keep avoiding‐‐
(woman)
I wouldn't jump to
any conclusions.
Yoko, hi!
Yuya's running is
actually pretty cunning, Gong.
That kid knows how to
use Action Cards all right,
but only to help him stay
out of the action!
I will force him
to battle me now!
Battleguard King, loves nothing
more than a fight!
So it can attack
twice in one turn!
Eliminate that Hippo!
No, not again!
(Nico)
Whoa, that should wipe the
smile off that Hippo's face!
Battleguard King took it
out with a single blow!
Wait, they're okay!
He survived?
(Yuya)
Yeah, but barely!
Just before Battleguard King
landed his blow,
I activated
the Action Spell Miracle!
It saved my Hippo's hide and
halved the damage I took!
I can't
believe my eyes!
I gotta get my hands on
one of them hippos!
Whatever.
Battleguard King will
stomp out both of you next time.
I guess Yuya's
not doing bad,
but I still don't
see what he's up to.
I think I do.
For a long time, Yuya's been
treating everything like a joke.
Clowning around was his way
of protecting himself.
You see, Yuya felt that
people would look down on him
because of his father.
He idolized his dad.
To Yuya, he wasn't just
a great duelist, but a hero.
What do you say we
swing into action?
Now Yuya has a chance
to be like his father...
and prove he
was a hero.
My turn again!
Aw, yeah!
Your attention
please!
My next move's
a real showstopper!
As some of you may know, if I
tribute my Hip Hippo right now,
it'll count
as two monsters!
It's one of Hip Hippo's
favorite tricks!
Go for it, buddy!
Now put your hands together
and welcome...
our main attraction!
One of the wonders
of the dragon world,
the spectacular
Odd‐Eyes Dragon!
What do you say
we swing into action?
Bravo!
That's exactly what
his father used to say!
The kid's a chip off
the ol' block!
(Yuko)
You've been waiting
for this chance, Yuya.
Make the most of it.
I will teach you to fear
me just like your father did!
My dad wasn't
scared o' you!
Oh, yeah?
He would've
beaten you easy!
And I'll prove
it, too!
By taking you down usingall
the moves my dad taught me!
Ha!
I see you cantalk
a tough game,
but your monsterspack
no punch!
Your Dragon cannot lay
aclaw on Battleguard King!
But after I use
this spell here,
it'll be a different
story!
Wonder Balloons!
Whoa, this kid
has my toupee spinning!
He must have
a nose for Action Cards
cause he's finding them like
nobody's beeswax!
Okay!
Wonder Balloons go!
I got a balloon for
each Action Card
that I found and
sent to my graveyard.
Next, I'll be sending my spell
card Wonder Balloons
to the graveyard,
which will cause those
other balloons to burst,
and each one drops your
monster's attack points
by a thousand till
the end of this turn!
Who'd of believed a few
balloons could be so dangerous?
But they just let the air
out of all your Battleguard
King's attack points!
(Nico)
Unbelievable!
Yuya just turned
Sledgehammers hero into a
zero!
Now I see that you have been
playing games with me
from the beginning!
You just pretended to run away
to find as many Action Cards
as your feeble
fragile fingers could pick!
It was risky, but I knew
the duel would swing my way!
He's amazing!
The kid's hammering
The Hammer!
(crowd murmuring and cheering)
(Yuya)
The crowd's got my back!
They're all cheering
for me...
just like they used to cheer
for my Dad during his duels!
Okay, Odd‐Eyes!
It's not enough
for us to win this,
we've gotta win
with style!
Hey, Sledgehammer!
When Odd‐Eyes dethrones
your King,
you take half its
attack points as damage!
Half of Battleguard King's
original attack points
equals 1,500.
If I lose another
2,500 in damage,
the total would
be catastrophic!
I can end this duel
in one blast!
Odd‐Eyes,
get set to strike!
Take out Battleguard King!
Spiral Flame!
Yeah!
Bull's eye!
Yuya!
(cheering)
(Sledgehammer)
Too little,
too late!
(Sledgehammer)
Surprise, clown boy!
I can't believe it!
You're not the only one
who has a Miracle spell card.
I was keeping this baby
handy just in case!
(Nico)
Talk about
staying cool under fire!
The Sledgehammer shows once
again why he's the champ!
You pose no threat
to me, boy!
Just like your father,
you are all show and no grit!
And this trap is going
to prove it!
Since I took damage,
Battleguard Rage inflates
its attack points by 2,000!
I... end my turn.
(Nico)
Battleguard King now
bursts out of those balloons!
The King of savages is
stronger than ever!
Yuya and his Odd‐Eyes
better do something quick
or he's gonna be
the odd man out!
Now I have the upper
hand, my little friend.
And I'm going to use
it to crush you!
No!
You won't escape!
Battleguard King,
destroy his Odd‐Eyes!
Ah!
An Action Card!
Because of Battleguard Rage's
effect, your Dragon goes back
to your hand instead
of the graveyard.
Watch how a winner duels
as I wield Battleguard Magic!
It will pump me back up with
life points as it deflates
any chances you had
of winning this duel!
Could this get
any worse?
Luckily for you,
my Battleguard King
cannot attack again
this turn.
You'll
survive for now.
But I promise this, you
won't last long.
It is useless,
but go ahead and draw.
Maybe you should pull a
disappearing act, kid.
After all,
like father, like son!
No thanks!
I'm staying‐‐
(Yuya)
Who am I kidding?
It's hopeless.
I don't have the cards or
the skills to pull this out.
Maybe I should pull
a vanishing act...
After all, I'm not
the duel‐tianer my dad was
and I never will be.
(Yusho's voice)
When things get tough...
Try to laugh when you
feel like crying...
Don't worry
about anything...
If the pendulum
swings one way,
you know it will
swing the other way, too.
Try to remember what
I've told you...
It's time to
swing into action!
Okay, pendulum,
you swung his way.
Now you'll swing
my way!
I'll use Stargazer Magician
and Timegazer Magician
to set the Pendulum Scale!
I'm taking control
of this duel starting now!
I'm allowed to summon monsters
from level two through seven
all at the same time!
What's
that kid doing?
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc
of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
How'd he
do that?
Got Gong!
♪